After execution a command generates an exit code
last exit code generated can be requested using echo $?
if 0 the command was executed successfully
if 1,there was a generic error
shell scripts,this is done by using exit n in case an error condition occurs
In Linux, exit codes are numerical values that are returned by a command or script when it completes execution. 
These codes provide information about the success or failure of the command or script, and are used by other 
programs and scripts to determine the appropriate action to take. Here are some key points about exit codes in 
Linux:
 Exit codes are typically defined as integers, with 0 representing success and non-zero values representing failure. 
Different exit codes may be used to indicate different types of failure, such as syntax errors, missing files, or 
permission issues.
 Exit codes are returned by both internal commands (commands built into the shell) and external commands 
(standalone programs that are executed by the shell).
 Exit codes can be accessed using the $? variable, which contains the exit code of the most recently executed 
command. For example, the following code runs the ls command and then displays its exit code:
ls
echo$?
Exit codes can be used in shell scripts to perform different actions based on the success or failure of a command or script. For example, the 
following code checks whether a file exists, and then performs different actions based on the result:
if [-e myfile.txt]
then
  echo "File exists"
else
   echo "File does not exist"
fi
Different programs and scripts may define their own exit codes to provide more detailed information about the success or failure of their 
specific operation.  Common exit codes in Linux include:  0: Success  1: General error  2: Misuse of shell builtins  126: Command cannot execute  127: Command not found  128: Invalid argument to exit  130: Command terminated by Ctrl-C
Overall, exit codes provide a way to communicate the success or failure of a command or script to other programs and scripts in the Linux 
environment. By understanding how exit codes work and how to use them in shell scripts, users can create more robust and reliable scripts that 
can handle different types of errors and failures
